# Internet Of Games
My Personal Research Initiative to Bridge the Gap Between the Internet of Information and the Internet of Things

### Grasping the Internet of Games (IOG)
In trying to understand the rift between the Internet of Information (common browser-based ecosystem with 4 billion people) and the Internet of Things (sensors-based-ecosystem with 20 billion devices but relatively much fewer developers) I am investigating the possibility of a bridge between the two ecosystems that have much more in common. My hypothesis is that there exists a third dimension, the Internet of Games - an ecosystem with avenues in both worlds (online games to physical games) - that provide a vital link for societies to transition between the two, as yet distinctly approached worlds of communication. In order to further and publish this research, I have registered the domain https://www.internetofgames.org as a repository. I am in the process of exploring a range of academic tools to manage this, from registering a journal to a massive collaboration of Internet engineers, social scientists, and entrepreneurs.

### IOG as Place and Passage
Is the Internet a place and a passage? It is easy to assume physical territories and locations possess these qualities, but are they also inherent in digital and Internet-related spaces? If yes, are the definitions of place and passage on the Internet commensurate with their meanings in the physical world? Does geography factor in defining Internet spaces? And is the Internet of Games a distinct place and passage that fits geographical perceptions of location, boundary, community, migration, inequality, and hierarchies of leadership? Movement across the Internet is funny concept; much like human migration, information constantly criss-crosses our world and yet this exchange scarcely resembles the flow of people in both habit and pace. I will argue that while the Internet of Information and the Internet of Things both occupy what is tantamount to a physical space in our world, the Internet of Games occupies the space in between, neither defined nor fluid but just right - a space between spaces that interconnects the digital realms and connects these to our physical world. I will also argue that it is virtually impossible to make the transition from our physical bounds to the capacious realm of virtual reality without encountering the passage that links the two, i.e. the Internet of Games.

